hello I me and Fred are going to show
you how to do some cheats and me sports
and when we click right here we go
kicked off its good okay that's better
douchebag I'm sorry and for the first
one we go to go and you can have as many
players as you want up to fool all right
and while it's at this screen called one
in 292 oh yeah just two just two at the
same time and then you keep holding it
never let go and then you choose
vibrating anyone and you're still
holding two we're just going to be Nigel
keep holding to keep holding key equally
and now you can let go and now there's
no sense or bars or anything okay not
censor bars like no things so it's a lot
harder hey that's good luck nice look
see it's a lot harder least I can do
that
you're my fault big accepted
yeah whoo all right good job now we're
going to show you some other things hey
um if you go to bowling and yeah and you
hold up right or down on you'll get a
different color ball down screen writes
code and up is red unless if your player
to even up is blue and you have to hold
the button while on the black screen
right now and then you'll come back and
it'll be a gold ball
now we're going to make the tennis court
blue this was really easy once again
while you're on the black screen holding
one in two and then when it Stumbler to
yogli be the blue court that you use for
practicing
yeah come on go on baseball you can have
as many people as you worry and just
keep going you don't have to hold
anything this time all right I'm not
pitching so it won't work for me right
now but once it's done doing this little
how-to thing will show you something
don't fit you
alright when you're the picture you
press the two button and you should feel
it vibrate and if you feel it vibrate
and whenever you pitch your pitch under
gender and then just to switch back you
just press one and will vibrate again
bitch everything that's all columns are
knowingly sports I should a couple of
other ones on earlier video no switch up
found it Fred found it whoa c is going
super ball shut up next Stephen nobody
likes him he just thinks to be returning
fight and name French's have to be
making a video a burger I think he
planned that I don't know so don't mind
her he's just next up in the head yeah
that's true don't just punish their
business don't deny it don't do this
remedy once this decides to read
you get to call you dumb hey thank you
are
hey um there is a cheap for the duck
hunt but out now have you that one so if
you guys figure that one out from at
laser hockey you just go toys or hockey
and then right here just hit a and B
volatility then you'll switch it up I'll
think yeah you can't switch it back now
that's it that's all there is if you
guys figure out anymore I haven't showed
you any previous videos or in this video
feel free to go show me all right back
he's going simple no no not Stephen just
shut